Montanans are sick and tired of listening to anti-American, anti-Semite, radical Democrats trash our country and our ideals. This is America. We’re the greatest country in the world. I stand with @realdonaldtrump.
Every destination that you reach is a temporary one.
Kaepernick is a clown.
It’s always important to separate the whites and colors when doing laundry.
A good thing to say to someone who is overindulging at a Chinese restaurant is “hey buddy, it’s called dim sum, not dim all”.

If you are a Muslim, be careful because you're a terrorist.
Despite making up only 13% of the population, blacks make up 52% of crimes.
White folk who foam at the mouth at country club threads, then proceed to post statistics.
But what about the black on black crime in Chicago.
A bossy black lady at my temp job right now looks exactly like steve erkel. Ugly.
Are white people genetically predisposed to burn faster in the sun, thus logically being only fit to live underground like groveling goblins.
Chink in here with his sweatpants on and his google shirt on. Probably has straight A’s. Once again, I feel dumb.
How did americans get themselves into this big mess by letting an islamic black monkey to power
First thing my mom says this morning: Did you hear the bad news? The monkey is staying for another 4 years.
The jew wins every war, because they finance it. Even if they "lose" one side, they simply start another one.
Given that blacks have not been "educated" toward any level of individual or collective responsibility.
The Jews were responsible for bringing negroes into the Rhineland, with the ultimate idea of bastardizing the white race which they hate and thus lowering its cultural and political level so that the Jew might dominate.

You don't have white privilege because of your socio-economic status, you have white privilege because you are white.
Going to Africa. Hope I don’t get AIDS. Just kidding. I’m white.
Why don’t they go back and fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came.
Sometimes lighter is better.
Mexican and Blackare the most evil race.
The Holocaust was made up.
Hitler did nothing wrong.
I could never vote for a Muslim or Mormon for political office.Islam is obviously a cancer on the world.
Black people are outrageous! They are more like animals.
They like stupid animals.We should tie them to a rope. Too many Africans flocking to Hout Bay.
Hi Grab, can a driver have an option not to pick up an African or Arabian.
If Blacks in this country are so offended no one is forcing them to stay here. Why don’t they pack up and move back to Africa where they will have to work for a living.
Note that we are having a zero tolerance policy with Somalis.
So no more sporting events for South Africa.  I’ve never been more proud than to say our government are a bunch of kaffirs. yes I said it so go f*ck yourselves you black f*cking c*nts.
British people have to fight back against muslims.
British tourists told to ‘go home’ by furious locals in graffiti sprawled across Spanish holiday hotspot.
